unboxing samsung galaxy s 4 mini la
reduced version of the smartphone more than
success of 2013
a greeting to all friends of
androidworld.it as they say in
these cases better late than never
unboxing by samsung galaxy mini by
samsung galaxy s 4 mini or the
smaller version more compact than the
smartphone that today has had more
success in this 2013
some technical features before
look at the packaging the processor is
a dual core snapdragon from 1.7
gigahertz a jig and a half of ram 8gb of
expandable internal screen memory 4
inches and three super amoled 540 x 960
pixel 8 megapixel camera that
record video in full hd camera
front from a note 9 megapixel
1900 milian battery for connectivity
thirds appia nfc gps and the interface la
same ds4 so we will see later in the
review which functions they have in common
with his older brother
then removed the smartphone from the
package we have usb cable manuals
micro usb power supplies grommets for a
pair of headphones that don't fit inside
I am and that someone has turned before me
screwed with his saying anyway
there should indeed be there
definitely in the final package
this is the small s4 mini and the design
it recalls that of his brother very much
however, it is much more compact
I don't really know who had it before
me presses the hulk because in delle
pitiful conditions
so we turn it on but we will review it
only in the coming days in the
Next weeks go to our
forum androidworld.it slash forum is there
a dedicated section s4 mini in there
you can ask us questions about this
device and then us as usual
we will answer the full review
for this unboxing of samsung galaxy s
4 mini is all a demon salute
in bronze and two
point it